# Multilanguage online store website with wordpress CMS
#### Video Demo:  <https://youtu.be/eBHjQzlIlAQ>
#### Description:
I am Mohammad Mahdi Sabet. I am a WordPress designer and developer. I have been working in this field for more than 3 years. For the final project of CS50x Tehran, I decided to send you the backup file of one of the best sites I designed and developed. The "public_html" file and its database are available in the "entezarcarpet backup for final project" folder. You can also visit the address "https://entezarcarpet.com/en/" and view this website online. This website is a multilingual shopping site. Users can choose and prepare their own carpet by referring to this site. This website is implemented with WordPress CMS and designed exclusively on Woodmart template and implemented with Elementor plugin. WooCommerce plugin has been used for the online store. Users can visit the site in English, Persian and Arabic languages.This website has three categories that you can separately apply price, size and category filters on the store page and find the product you want. This website is the first page of its landing page and includes store pages. And contact us as well. Also, by registering and logging into his user account, the user can save his favorite products or view his orders. Before payment, the user can view the proforma invoice and after payment, the purchase invoice in PDF format both in his user panel on the site and in the email he receives from the site for purchasing from the site. User login system on the site by email is. That is, the user enters his email during registration, and after the user's username, the same email is entered. The front end of this site is using Elementor plugin and the styles of this site are applied with custom css. The backend is written in PHP, and some parts of it, such as the order registration system, customer invoices and pre-invoices, are coded in PHP. For the security of the site, wordfence plugin is used, which guarantees the security of the user's login and supports the penetration points to the site. Website blogs can be viewed and managed through the management panel. Yoast seo plugin is used for the internal SEO of the website, which creates the site map well and we can access it. The reason why I chose WordPress for the design and development of this site was to reduce the cost and time of the project, which was desired by the employer. Also, I have limited the user panel provided to the employer by using php and left the access to the sales sections open for the employer and closed the design and development sections of the site due to the technical support of the site which is in my hands. I delivered this website to the employer on the date of "2023-09-13" and currently there are test products on the website and the main products of this website will be uploaded in the next ten days. To prove that I designed and implemented the site myself, you can refer to the footer section and see my name linked to my github address (https://github.com/metisbt/metisbt.github.io).I will be happy if you visit this site online and tell me your opinion.